Update documentation (#31)
ballerina-platform/module-ballerina-edi: README.md

[![Trivy](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/module-ballerina-edi/actions/workflows/trivy-scan.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/module-ballerina-edi/actions/workflows/trivy-scan.yml)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/ballerina-platform/module-ballerina-edi/branch/main/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/ballerina-platform/module-ballerina-edi)
[![GraalVM Check](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/module-ballerina-edi/actions/workflows/build-with-bal-test-graalvm.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/module-ballerina-edi/actions/workflows/build-with-bal-test-graalvm.yml)
[![GitHub Last Commit](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/ballerina-platform/module-ballerina-edi.svg)](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/module-ballerina-edi/commits/main)
[![GitHub Issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/ballerina-platform/ballerina-library/module/ballerina-edi.svg?label=Open%20Issues)](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/ballerina-library/labels/module%2Fballerina-edi)

## Overview

> Electronic Data Interchange (EDI) is a technology that facilitates the electronic exchange of business documents between different organizations. It allows businesses to exchange standard business transactions, such as purchase orders, invoices, shipping notices, and other documents, in a structured and computer-readable format. EDI eliminates the need for paper-based transactions and manual data entry, improving efficiency and reducing errors in the business-to-business (B2B) communication process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Electronic Data Interchange (EDI) is a technology designed to facilitate the electronic transfer of business documents among various organizations. This system empowers businesses to seamlessly exchange standard business transactions like purchase orders, invoices, and shipping notices. These transactions are formatted in a structured, computer-readable manner, eliminating the reliance on paper-based processes and manual data entry. Consequently, EDI technology significantly boosts efficiency and minimizes errors in the business-to-business (B2B) communication landscape.
```

> The Ballerina EDI module offers powerful functionality for seamlessly converting EDI (Electronic Data Interchange) text to JSON and vice versa. This module is designed to enhance your integration capabilities, providing a streamlined and efficient way to handle EDI data within your Ballerina applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Ballerina EDI module offers robust functionality for the effortless conversion of EDI text to JSON, and inversely, JSON to EDI. Tailored to augment integration capabilities, this module is a key component in enhancing the handling of EDI data within Ballerina applications. It provides a more streamlined, efficient approach, ensuring seamless data management and integration in business processes.
```

    "delimiters" : {"segment" : "~", "field" : "*", "component": ":", "repetition": "^"},
    "segments" : [
        {
            "code": "HDR",
            "tag" : "header",
            "minOccurances": 1,
            "fields" : [{"tag": "code"}, {"tag" : "orderId"}, {"tag" : "organization"}, {"tag" : "date"}]
        },
        {
            "code": "ITM",
            "tag" : "items",
            "maxOccurances" : -1,
            "fields" : [{"tag": "code"}, {"tag" : "item"}, {"tag" : "quantity", "dataType" : "int"}]
        }
    ]
}
```

This schema can be employed to parse EDI documents featuring one HDR segment, mapped to _header_, and any number of ITM segments, mapped to _items_. The HDR segment incorporates three _fields_, corresponding to _orderId_, _organization_, and _date_. Each ITM segment comprises two fields, mapped to _item_ and _quantity_.

Below is an example of an EDI document that can be parsed using the aforementioned schema. Let's assume that the following EDI information is saved in a file named 'sample.edi':

```
HDR*ORDER_1201*ABC_Store*2008-01-01~
ITM*A-250*12~
ITM*A-45*100~
ITM*D-10*58~
ITM*K-80*250~
ITM*T-46*28~
```

## Reading EDI Files

> The Ballerina EDI module allows you to read Electronic Data Interchange (EDI) files and convert them into JSON data. Here's a quick example demonstrating how to read an EDI file, parse it using a defined schema, and print the resulting JSON data:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The utility functions in EDI package allows you to read Electronic Data Interchange (EDI) files and convert them into JSON data. Here's a quick example demonstrating how to read an EDI file, parse it using a defined schema, and print the resulting JSON data:
```

```ballerina
import ballerina/io;
import ballerina/edi;

public function main() returns error? {
    // Step 1: Load EDI schema from a JSON file
    edi:EdiSchema schema = check edi:getSchema(check io:fileReadJson("resources/schema.json"));

    // Step 2: Read the EDI file as a string
    string ediText = check io:fileReadString("resources/sample.edi");

    // Step 3: Convert EDI string to JSON using the specified schema
    json orderData = check edi:fromEdiString(ediText, schema);

    // Step 4: Print the resulting JSON data
    io:println(orderData.toJsonString());
}
```

In this example, the EDI file (`sample.edi`) is read, and its content is converted into a JSON variable named `orderData`. The JSON variable structure corresponds to the expected output.

## Writing EDI Files

> Ballerina also provides functionality to convert JSON data into EDI text using a specified schema. The following code snippet demonstrates how to create a JSON variable representing an order and convert it into an EDI string:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Furthermore, edi module provides functionality to convert JSON data into EDI text using a specified schema. The following code snippet demonstrates how to create a JSON variable representing an order and convert it into an EDI string:
```
